Update `@gear-js/api` readme (#978)
gear-tech/gear-js: api/README.md

result.toU8a(); // - encodes the value as a Unit8Array
result.toJSON(); // - converts the value to JSON
```
</details>

### Getting metadata

It's possible to get the definition of program types from the `.meta.wasm` file obtained after building the program.

> Use the `getWasmMetadata` function for these purpose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `getWasmMetadata` function for this purpose
```

  console.error(`${error.name}: ${error.message}`);
}
```
</details>

### Upload code
Use `api.code.upload` method to create `upload_code` extrinsic

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

```javascript

> const code = fs.readFileSync('path/to/program.opt.wasm');
> const { codeHash } = gearApi.code.upload(code);
> gearApi.code.signAndSend(alice, () => {
>   events.forEach(({ event: { method, data } }) => {
>     if (method === 'ExtrinsicFailed') {
>       throw new Error(data.toString());
>     } else if (method === 'CodeSaved') {
>       console.log(data.toHuman());
>     }
>   });
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const code = fs.readFileSync('path/to/program.opt.wasm');

const { codeHash } = gearApi.code.upload(code);

gearApi.code.signAndSend(alice, () => {
  events.forEach(({ event: { method, data } }) => {
    if (method === 'ExtrinsicFailed') {
      throw new Error(data.toString());
    } else if (method === 'CodeSaved') {
      console.log(data.toHuman());
    }
  });
});
```

```
</details>

### Create program from uploaded code on chain
Use `api.program.create` method to create `create_program` extrinsic
<details>
<summary>Code example</summary>

```javascript
const codeId = '0x...'

const program = {
  codeId,
  gasLimit: 1000000,
  value: 1000,
  initPayload: somePayload,
};

try {
  const { programId, salt, extrinsic } = gearApi.program.create(program, meta);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(`${error.name}: ${error.message}`);

> }

Reviewer: Do you think that we should mention `try-catch`?
Imo it's up to user and hurts readability.

const transactionFee = paymentInfo.partialFee.toNumber();
consolg.log(transactionFee);
```
</details>

### Calculate gas for messages

> It's possible to find out the minimum gasLimit value to specify when sending extrinsic.
> The `gearApi.program.calculateGas.[method]` will help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find out the minimum gas amount to send extrinsic, use `gearApi.program.calculateGas[method]`.
```

Gas calculation returns GasInfo object contains 3 parameters:

- `min_limit` - Minimum gas limit required for execution
- `reserved` - Gas amount that will be reserved for some other on-chain interactions
- `burned` - Number of gas burned during message processing

> - `may_be_returned` - value that can be returned in some cases

Reviewer: Prolly worth to specify what cases

Author: It depends on contract. We cannot know it

);
console.log(gas.toHuman());
```
</details>

#### Init (for create_program extrinsic)
<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

```javascript

> const codeId = '0x...';
> const gas = await gearApi.program.calculateGas.initCreate(
>   '0xd43593c715fdd31c61141abd04a99fd6822c8558854ccde39a5684e7a56da27d', // source id
>   codeId,
>   '0x00', // payload
>   0, //value
>   true, // allow other panics
> );
> console.log(gas.toHuman());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const codeId = '0x...';

const gas = await gearApi.program.calculateGas.initCreate(
  '0xd43593c715fdd31c61141abd04a99fd6822c8558854ccde39a5684e7a56da27d', // source id
  codeId,
  '0x00', // payload
  0, //value
  true, // allow other panics
);

console.log(gas.toHuman());
```

);
console.log(gas.toHuman());
```
</details>

---

## Work with programs and blockchain state

### Check that the address belongs to some program

> If you need to know if an address belongs to a program or not, you can use the `api.program.exists` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out if address belongs to a program using the `api.program.exists` method.
```

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

```javascript

> const programId = '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000';
> const programExists = await api.program.exists(programId);
> console.log(`Program with address ${programId} ${programExists ? 'exists' : "doesn't exist"}`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const programId = '0x...';
const programExists = await api.program.exists(programId);

console.log(`Program with address ${programId} ${programExists ? 'exists' : "doesn't exist"}`);
```

> const programId = '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000';
> const programExists = await api.program.exists(programId);
> console.log(`Program with address ${programId} ${programExists ? 'exists' : "doesn't exist"}`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const programId = '0x...';
const programExists = await api.program.exists(programId);

console.log(`Program with address ${programId} ${programExists ? 'exists' : "doesn't exist"}`);
```

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

- Creating a new keyring

```javascript
import { GearKeyring } from '@gear-js/api';
const { keyring, json } = await GearKeyring.create('keyringName', 'passphrase');
```

- Getting a keyring from JSON

```javascript
const jsonKeyring = fs.readFileSync('path/to/keyring.json').toString();
const keyring = GearKeyring.fromJson(jsonKeyring, 'passphrase');
```

- Getting JSON for keyring

```javascript
const json = GearKeyring.toJson(keyring, 'passphrase');
```

- Getting a keyring from seed

```javascript
const seed = '0x496f9222372eca011351630ad276c7d44768a593cecea73685299e06acef8c0a';
const keyring = await GearKeyring.fromSeed(seed, 'name');
```

- Getting a keyring from mnemonic

```javascript
const mnemonic = 'slim potato consider exchange shiver bitter drop carpet helmet unfair cotton eagle';
const keyring = GearKeyring.fromMnemonic(mnemonic, 'name');
```

- Generate mnemonic and seed

```javascript
const { mnemonic, seed } = GearKeyring.generateMnemonic();

// Getting a seed from mnemonic
const { seed } = GearKeyring.generateSeed(mnemonic);
```

</details>

### Sign data

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

> 1. Creating signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create signature
```
